Hotline League is brought to you by
open by HP we have a guy hey format so
how are you doing where you called from
Khan from shot air force base Shaw Air
Force Base where Carolina South Carolina
okay yeah very good watch moved here
January oh nice nice what do you want to
talk about I just want to talk about how
our separate look at the background by
the way and it's a door sorry that's
probably my chair if I'm Mike's picking
up everything just funny it sounds like
there's like construction behind you so
this is an Air Force Base so every now
and then you might hear a plane fly over
yeah it's usually not that loud okay so
I was just gonna say that I think riots
banning system and like soloqueue and
stuff like that is a little too harsh
like for players who are very
competitive and whatnot and the only
reason I'm saying that is like I
understand that people deserve to get
banned if they say anything as far as
like racist or homophobic or you know
just really put it like threatening
players and you know like I'm gonna come
to your house and kill you that kind of
stuff I think that's like that's way out
of line that's ridiculous um and I know
that this has been dealt with like the
law before and whatnot
but I think that like just the fact that
players can criticize other players in
like meaningful ways and you know
players who don't take criticism well
will just report them you know they they
don't they don't want to take the
criticism or anything like that and you
have a mute button on the game but after
enough reports you know right it's gonna
ban you for two weeks and say you know
you're just playing the game you just
want to put in your input often when
you're coming in like hey this isn't
like happening or like I don't think
that this gonna work or like you know
even if you tell a player that they're
doing bad you hear people like mm say
stuff like that like often like this
player is just bad and for this reason
and I think that that's kind of like
like I think that the fact that they ban
people and people can even get
permanently banned
after a while is just kind of ridiculous
like I understand baiting them for like
a month like a shot with your stuff you
know like okay maybe they come back
there a little bit more better but I
just think that the whole like banning
system is a little overdoing it like
forever you were too sensitive
yeah I've been banned yeah before have
you been permanently banned no I have
had I have had friends who were
permanently banned and when when you get
permabanned um so they showed me you can
log into your account and look and look
at uh like your chat logs and somebody
edit so I looked at their chat logs and
I looked at them talk to write support
about it cuz right we'll talk to you on
their web page or whatnot and it'll
literally say that like like they
literally said hey I didn't say anything
racist I didn't say anything homophobic
nothing like that
why am I getting banned and they were
like well we've reportedly told you like
not and not to put down other people's
play and I get that like I know that
this isn't anything like traditional
sports but I think when you're
criticizing people and they have a mute
button and say people put so much time
and effort and devotion in this game
like what's the point of primarily
banning somebody yeah I'll agree on the
point that I think you probably
shouldn't get permanently banned for it
I think you should get permanently chat
restricted I think that that's a good
thing but I think it's actually pretty
hard to get banned for toxicity cuz I'm
honestly I mean in soloqueue so acute as
my like anger vent to be honest and I've
used it that way since I was a teenager
and I don't get banned and I'm pretty
bad which is why like I I got banned a
long time ago because I was like way
worse than I was and looking at the
difference like I can understand why I
got banned but in the past I viewed it
the exact same way like I don't get why
I got banned just guys got to get over
it but I think it's pretty hard to get
banned unless you say some some messed
up stuff because in games like I tell
people there's shit like I'll just say
like you're so bad and I'll am ia
painting like it's so cute everyone does
that stuff all the pro players do it -
but it's pretty hard
you're banned man yes I say it's like if
your take is like man I try and give
this constructive criticism and I got
banned for bullshit bullshit bullshit
bullshit cuz when I used to play a lot
which I don't do that much anymore but
like I would
I'm a very argumentative person and so
like I don't I would sometimes do the
NIC approach and just call someone shit
but usually like you know we'd be like
dude you're so fucking dumb look I can't
believe you did this don't know and like
just argue like crazy and I never even
got chat restricted or warned or banned
like nothing has ever happened to me so
like you are not just criticizing
players if you're getting banned dude
for sure what's happening is you're
hitting like trigger words like there
are words that are gonna get you flagged
for it and it's just like you can't say
those things yeah if you say you're like
the R word the dreaded R word like yeah
you can't say certain stuff cuz it's
just like alright bro that's too far but
no I'm just saying like okay so in
season three I've played since season
three and I've never gotten banned like
it felt like they they never really
banned people as much back then or
anything like that and I had never
gotten banned this season I got my first
banned for two weeks and just looking at
the chat logs I you know sometimes I'll
get your tastes sometimes I'll just tell
players that like dude you were doing so
bad right now like can you please just
sit turret or something let us let us
farm you know what I mean like let us
just for that thing we're saying yes no
I promise you I I can actually I can
actually you know of course we don't
have time right now but I could actually
cool the chat log from from my profile
and put put it on here like there's no
way I
I've even showed my friends I've posted
a snapchat I could honestly post a
Twitter or DM it but either way it's
like I've been banned for two weeks for
just saying stuff like that I've never
say anything racist or anything about
hurting anybody or anything like that it
has never been stuff like really I don't
think I don't think I don't think that
it like 100% agree with you that if you
say racist stuff or you threaten
violence or anything that you should get
banned I don't think that that's where
the cutoff should be like if you there
are areas below that if you are just
going into games
I think that system is designed to help
create like a good experience for
players in league and if if you are
being aggressive and argument like look
everyone's gonna have a bad game every
now and then right like that happens in
LCS all the time
if you every time somebody's having a
bad game decide to get aggressive and
angry with them that's probably not
gonna create like a good experience
that's also not gonna usually help
increase the chances of success in the
game you're kind of having a making
everyone else have like a bad experience
you're making a bad situation worse
right like do you I have a question for
you do you feel like if you say to
somebody like hey you're really shitting
the bed here or whatever do you think
that that is going to make them play
better for his sake like frustration
happens and you know no but I'm curious
about this
what like you think that it's going to
make them play better when you say that
I I think it really has to do with like
are you just a personality type of
person who's like you know I don't want
to hear this kind of thing are you this
more passive person who's like actually
down to hear it cuz like I I've played
it as like basically like a captain of
my soccer team and you know when players
I feel like are just too cocky I'll tell
them I'll be like hey did you are being
too cocky you were really doing bad
right now and whatnot but like you see
it the same way in league as you say in
person yes yes I literally type as fast
as I talk so it's like no I just mean
like do you think the tone and
everything is the same because I imagine
if you are playing with a friend or a
colleague or something like that you're
playing soccer you have a conversation
with them you're like hey you're being
really cocky you're just being a dick
out there I need like you need to calm
down
that is probably very different than
when they're just seeing tech like
they're already frustrated cause they're
losing their lane and then they start
seeing texts pop up so it's like you're
shitting the bed right now you suck or
whatever so no like so when I I play a
lot of overwatch and they have a like
online chat you know and what I'm
playing with like friends and just
people I don't know random so whatnot I
still do the same thing I still tell
them all the same thing else though
tell my friends straight up there's no
like me I'm not I don't have like this
passive like nice level where I'm like
timid to say so I'll tell them straight
up like like dude you can you stop doing
this like you're not doing good you're
you're attacking too much you're getting
punished for it by pushing too far like
and I'll tell people that like literally
in chat and whatever you're saying
you're talking to your friends when
you're saying this friends or just
people on the team okay like yeah and I
I'm just saying I'm fully willing to
defend this and I would I would be dead
honest like if a riot person wanted to
argue with me on this right now and pull
up my chat logs like I would be dead
honest I did not I have not said like
super toxic things it's just been people
that I clearly can tell they're
reporting me just for you know kind of
criticizing them on their work and
telling them they're bad at times like I
of course I've been like yo like there's
been times where I've definitely said
hey dude you are playing like complete
shit like is it is like very irritating
you know and I just you know that that's
that's what I say so it's it's not like
I've ever gone past that line and in
flooring where do you see it why do I
say it yeah
you know if you ever get irritated like
I don't know how often you play
soloqueue but whenever you get like
irritated with like people who are just
like clearly not doing good and they
keep dying and you and you want to talk
sense into them at first and you're like
hey like please can you just stop doing
this can you please sit sir let us carry
and then they're not doing it and you're
like dude come on you're playing like
shit like please chill out like and I
get it that that might be like a minimum
cutoff if you're doing that every single
game like I understand if they're like
okay this guy needs a tweak man and
maybe maybe even a month ban like he
just will not chill out he needs to cool
down you know I mean I understand that
but I just feel like for I don't feel
like I even type that much so it's it's
like for me the times that I do start
typing when I'm irritated or even when
I'm just like okay guys I think this is
a really good idea like let's go Baron
now or some like that like that's the
only times I type so I just like this
like my guess is that you are not like
you are doing this more because you're
frustrated and so they could wait for
you to vent your frustration
then because it's actually going to
wield real results in the game and go
ahead an arrow it feels good it feels
good to tell someone their shit but but
it's Class B alright okay that might be
true that someone's doing bad I I feel
so good just saying man you're awful
everyone does it's just normal
yeah it's a little it's an ego stroke
but it's not good like it's definitely
bad but that's why people do it people
do it because it's a little it feels
good to just get it off your chest
because in real life in their head like
yeah I'm I told this guy I think he's
shit in real life I'll tell him yeah and
then real life no one's gonna do it but
in game you're just like yeah far as
this guy he's awful yeah it just feels
good man no I get I won't road rage as a
but like do you think road rage should
exist like yeah we'll get in trouble for
different things road rage generally is
like cutting people off and literally
that's that's my nursing pretty pretty
different like road rage to me is when
anyone just like is fucking yelling at
the car in front of them yes for pretty
minor reasons have you ever been in like
parked nearby sitting somewhere and
somebody just lays on the horn because
they're slow they're like is that a good
experience for the other people that are
around or the people that run it down
men in soloqueue they're the people that
take it too far it's like literally just
sit in your car and tell someone they're
an idiot and then bomb who cares but if
you start running it down mid honking
the horn it's like okay I really hope
someone runs into you reactions well
here's what happens someone gets in
gridlock they they shouldn't try and go
they try and take a left and they can't
and they block driving I lay on my horn
okay well I think we're moving from the
point I'd yours I'd say Travis let me
just say this if there was a band system
for laying on your horn too much I would
fucking stop alright well that's that's
a bad sign look I know Richard I know
where Travis is coming from and I
understand like what you're saying
to the point you're trying to get in my
head but I'm just saying like for all
active players who who really understand
what I'm saying like people who are
extra sensitive will report you after
games for you just being like upset you
know I mean and you won't be saying
something that's like superbattery thing
like that but like I said this was my
first time getting a two-week ban okay
and that's what like brought this
subject so sensitive to me was because
like I was just irritated with it you
know what I mean and I've been playing
since season three and you know I saw
that my friend tried to talk to her
writer about his he showed me they gave
him three chat logs when he got
permanently banned so I read through
those three chat logs yes he was telling
players they were shit he was telling
players like stuff like that and he
probably says it a lot more often than
me but when he did talk to a writer
about it they literally said on like
over a text check cuz they'll talk to
you on a text chat on League of Legends
calm or whatever and they he literally
said that a that like even though you've
never said anything racist or anything
like that because you've been banned a
multiple account are multiple times like
this deserves a permanent ban and I and
I get it if you're like a toxic player
you just tell me yeah I just don't think
that that's worth a permanent ban cuz my
friend is put like thousands of dollars
does not matter how much money or time
yeah that doesn't matter at all like if
you're a dick anyone who owns the thing
that you're doing and you're giving them
money to they have the right to kick you
out you can go to the YMCA you can
donate money to them you can pay it but
if you're like shitting on people at the
YMCA they're gonna kick you out and it's
fine that's like I understand that I'm
just saying like I I agree with a
narrower it would be better just for a
permanent chat restriction oh yeah yeah
weird chat restriction like that would
be that would make more sense it's like
you've been now chat restricted for a
year deal with it and then when you get
back maybe you will think twice before
you're like okay this players shit I
just feel like that moves the bar cuz
then I feel like then the next time if
that happens then the call becomes I
don't think they should be issuing your
long chat restrictions for this because
it's not that bad a rate we are running
out of time but yeah go ahead and say
your stick out the I'm just gonna say it
from being banned what I changed it'll
make you feel just as good when you go
in a chat someone says something and you
want to make fun of them just say
full in all caps and only type that
they're gonna feel just as shitty but
you can't get banned for that and it
just makes me feel good anyways and it's
just funny it just type rofl lol I'll
need stuff like that and you're fine and
by the way thank you for I don't I hope
you don't feel like we're dismissing
anything I actually really appreciate
this call it's like an interesting
conversation so thank you for that thank
you and give me those chat logs or
whatever okay
yeah I can definitely do that cuz mark
can get you unbanned in fact if anyone
is watching right now no no that mark
works with riot so just set him every
time you get bads DM your logs and he'll
get you cleared yeah so if you have any
problems with balance if you feel like
you shouldn't be bronzed what are some
other things people can't read
thank you for meant over the call okay
bro are you in the service by the way oh
no my wife is I got too many knee
injuries playing soccer I applied but
they denied me were you know people in
soccer no I had a huge guy fall on my
knee and bend it the other way and you
toxic you're for sure mean people in
real life thank you for having me and by
the way I did do all of those following
things that you linked about for HP omen
by HP well unfortunately if you're toxic
we can't give you a keyboard or mouse I
don't know if you're serious about me
deeming you those chat logs but my name
on Twitter is Jonathan Delgado I'll
probably DM you tomorrow like that's
good yeah I look at them thank you for
thanks man see ya